Ahmad Aminullah Alfiyanto aminullah.alfiyanto@gmail.com • linkedin.com/in/aaminullah • +62 812 3563 5134 WORKING EXPERIENCE Fullstack Developer, Fulltime Lawencon Internasional March 2024 – Present ● Maintained and developed features for Recruitment module of LinovHR using Java Spring Boot and Angular. ● Contributed to the development and maintenance of key features for managing master data, including templates and workflows for job vacancies, job specifications, and activity stages. ● Fixed more than 100 bugs and collaborated in a cross-functional team to create and optimize workflows to support HR operations. PROJECT Fullstack Developer LinovHR July 2024 – Present Web application for Human Resource Information System (HRIS) focused on recruitment, job vacancy management, and candidate selection stages. Job Description:  ● Developed backend services to handle recruitment-related data and ensure it was processed and stored correctly in the PostgreSQL database. ● Implemented APIs for the Recruitment module based on requirements from system analysts, allowing seamless data flow between the backend and front-end interface. ● Designed and developed front-end components for various recruitment features following UI/UX guidelines. Tools: Java Spring Boot, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, Angular, PrimeNG, REST API. Fullstack Developer SalarySync March 2024 – June 2024 Web application for monitoring payment schedules for clients and vendors within an organization, with a focus on document storage and management. Job Description:  ● Developed and implemented a document storage feature using the FTP protocol, allowing secure and efficient upload, retrieval, and management of documents related to payment schedules. ● Integrated the backend with the PostgreSQL database to store document metadata and maintain data consistency. ● Designed and developed the front-end user interface for payment schedule, ensuring ease of use and smooth interaction with the backend. Tools: Java Spring Boot, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, FTP, Angular, PrimeNG, REST API. Fullstack Developer GASBOARD February 2023 – May 2023 A web application designed to manage and visualize sales and project data within a division of a telecommunications company in Indonesia. Job Description:  ● Created and integrated interactive visualizations utilizing Chart.js to present project totals and progress in graphical form. ● Delivered key features for data analysis, including real-time sales tracking and project status monitoring for managers. ● Implemented the front-end interface using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap, with a focus on usability and clean design for ease of navigation and Developed the backend of the GASBOARD application using Java MVC, ensuring smooth data processing and integration with MySQL for efficient data storage. Tools: Java MVC, Thymeleaf, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Chart.js. EDUCATION Bachelor of Information System Universitas Indonesia August 2019 – March 2024 ● Thesis: Usability Evaluation and Development of Alternative Interface Designs for Tourism Applications: Solo Destination ● Relevant coursework: Proyek Pengembangan Sistem Informasi (Information System Development Project) SKILLS Programming Language: Java, Javascript, Typescript, SQL, Python, HTML, CSS Framework: Spring Boot, Angular, React, Hibernate, Bootstrap, PrimeNG Language: Indonesia, English 